it's we again we're here to show you
another beautiful smart lace front mono
top kind of a short bottom of the neck
shoulder length wig that's layered and
messy and it looks so gorgeous this is
in our brand-new designer color called
one brh 30 remember the legend that we
talked about in the color section brh
blend it routed highlighted and what you
see is this beautiful black and then
there's this 30 that's um kind of an
Auburn red but it's a little chunkier
it's just beautiful
this comes down to about the chin level
here and then in the back it's just
messy and kind of flips up a little bit
and I turn it around anything pull of
course with the smart lace one two three
four five pressed and print there's a
little trick that I do it call it pinch
you can take your bang and pull it back
so you know I'm twisting it a little bit
pinch with your hands pinch
stay there a lot of women want this out
of their face but they like it framing
the face so again you do the press and
print what you're gonna do is get the
hair back the way you want it off of the
face see how I'm kind of pressing it
imaging it pressing it now I'm gonna
press but see my hands are on the hair
as well I don't have pretty hands but I
want you to see exactly what I'm doing
and I'm going pressed but I'm not just
using my fingertips I'm laying the
fingers on the hair press one two three
four five and print now when she swings
you don't have a hangman face that's the
one thing that a lot of girls complain
about bail order and look like this but
they don't want this moon boom on the
face I can't like it I think you know
hide the wrinkles and it works well
but it's so beautiful when you can wear
a wig and have it totally off your face
and these little bitty wonderful little
hairs that we do is our custom hair line
all the way around and you walk into
work or whatever you're doing it it's
just beautiful again
Aliyah and this is one in our age 30
look at the back see how it's kind of
slipped out it's it's kind of a razor
cut and layered and what that means is
the Messier the better babe I've told
you that a hundred times
see how it kind of flips up I have
straightened it for clients before but
this is so cool-looking
and cool temperature alia fabulous wig
one of my best sellers